---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: In Love
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2013-03-28T04:17:00+00:00
url: /?p=719
blogger_blog:
  - www.igobyari.com
blogger_author:
  - Arianna Rees
blogger_permalink:
  - /2013/03/in-love.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/3142898329549879465/posts/default/3618659698131192421
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 103
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - boys
  - thoughts

---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  <div style="clear: both; text-align: left;">
    Utah Tourism just released a commercial encouraging people to check out our national parks, and after watching it, I am absolutely depressed to admit that I haven&#8217;t seen one of them. Not one. Seriously, guys. This video is PHENOMENAL and I feel every pricking poke of my lameness. &nbsp;&nbsp;
  </div>
  
  <div style="clear: both; text-align: center;">
  </div>
  
  <div style="clear: both; text-align: center;">
  </div>
  
  <p>
    Every time I watch it, I feel like I&#8217;m in love. It&#8217;s the exact same feeling. Heart rushing, throat contracting, eyes fluttering to a close and stomach filling with butterflies. It&#8217;s asphyxiating.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    I am seriously in love with nature.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    This morning as I drove into school, the sun was climbing above the mountains. The lips of Green Canyon were open wide and a beautiful mist clung to the sloping hills. It beckoned and it was mysterious and I just wanted to be there instead of locked inside classrooms all day. I wanted to be slinging my rope through a bolt and climbing. I&#8217;m actually pretty mad that I didn&#8217;t today, as the weather was just stunning.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    One thing climbing has taught me is how to fall in love with the environment. I guess you could say that I&#8217;m a sort of tree hugger. Nothing moves me quite like mountains and trees and&nbsp;labyrinthine rivers that go anywhere and everywhere you can&#8217;t possibly imagine. Nothing beats the feeling of rock beneath your hands and the whorl of a pine-scented breeze as it blasts you right in the face.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Sometimes I talk about dating on my blogs, but if the truth be told, I love the mountains more than I&#8217;ve ever loved any boy. I don&#8217;t know why I keep relating dating and mountains &#8212; maybe because of that quote in Pride and Prejudice that says: &#8220;What are men to rocks and mountains?&#8221;
  </p>
  
  <p>
    When that &#8216;he&#8217; I&#8217;ll one day meet makes me feel like I do when I&#8217;m in the canyon, I&#8217;ll know.&nbsp;
  </p>
</div>