---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: On My Mind
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2013-03-19T03:54:00+00:00
url: /?p=729
blogger_blog:
  - www.igobyari.com
blogger_author:
  - Arianna Rees
blogger_permalink:
  - /2013/03/on-my-mind.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/3142898329549879465/posts/default/8813088098069397332
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 58
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - thoughts

---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  <i>Climate change homework.</i> I haven&#8217;t done it yet. Typical.</p> 
  
  <p>
    <i>New job at Lee&#8217;s MarketPlace.</i>&nbsp;I start Thursday in the bakery, and I&#8217;m so grateful and so excited. ITZA BAKERY, GUYZ.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Housing for next year. </i>I&#8217;m planning on living near campus next year. I don&#8217;t know where and I don&#8217;t know how to find what&#8217;s best, but I&#8217;m determined.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Bleak House. </i>It&#8217;s so great. Novels like this make me understand why I love writing so much.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>General Conference. </i>Wondering what will be said, how it will impact me, how it will answer all of the questions I have.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Life. </i>I try to be optimistic, but I worry a lot about a lot of different things.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Dating. </i>One of the things I worry about, as it isn&#8217;t going real well.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Number Five. </i>Oh, Number Five. You&#8217;re so cool and you complicate things a little and I wish I knew what you were thinking and that we could see each other more. Because I like you immensely.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>The girl who sat by me while I got my food handlers permit. </i>You were kinda rude. And you answered your phone during the movie. And you shushed someone really loudly before proceeding to pop your gum and text furiously. I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;re lovely, but I kinda wanted to smack you.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>My Little Pony</i>. Seriously. Why does it take so freaking long for the next season to start?
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Netflix. </i>We just got it. I&#8217;m doomed.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Climbing. </i>The canyon snow is melting and I&#8217;m so excited to start climbing outdoors again.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Imagine Dragons. </i>Did I mention that I&#8217;m going to their concert? STOKED.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Marriage. </i>Is it cliche&#8217; to say that everybody is getting engaged?
  </p>
  
  <p>
    <i>Patience, young Padawan. </i>Boy, do I need it.
  </p>
</div>