---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: 21 Songs
description: ''
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2013-05-10T16:26:00+00:00
url: /?p=682
blogger_blog:
  - www.igobyari.com
blogger_author:
  - Arianna Rees
blogger_permalink:
  - /2013/05/21-songs.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/3142898329549879465/posts/default/3280491888242512889
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 48
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - Uncategorized

---
Here are a few songs that mean a whole lot to me:

The song that has haunted me for three years. 

Welcome Home by Radical Face

The song that reminds me that the future is beautiful.

Go Do by Jonsi

The song that I love for no good reason.

Feel Again by OneRepublic

The song that I listen to when I am sad. 

The Scientist by Coldplay

The song that I listened to in high school all of the time. 

Such Great Heights by The Postal Service

The song that I choose to define myself by.

Sweet Disposition by The Temper Trap

The song that changed how I felt about music.

Tighten Up by The Black Keys

The song I listen to to remind myself that I can conquer my fears.

The Middle by Jimmy Eat World

The song that I think is the most lovely song in the world. 

Secrets by OneRepublic 

The song that gave this blog its new name. 

I Lived by OneRepublic 

The song that reminds me that every person I run into has a story and a trial.

Demons by Imagine Dragons

The lullaby of my life. 

Truce by Twenty One Pilots

The song that I connect to on a very emotional level.

Now I’m All Messed Up by Tegan and Sara

The song that I love purely for the sound of it.

Incredible by Us

The song that I love because it’s just so cute. 

I Will Wait for You by Us

The song I play in my head when I climb. 

One Day (Reckoning Song) by Asaf Avidan, Mojos

The song that reminds me of how incredible life is. 

Stars (Hold On) by Youngblood Hawke

The song that would be the theme track of my life if I could choose one. 

Outro by M83

The song that reminds me that I’m not alone. 

Trembling Hands by The Temper Trap

The song that reminds me of the people I really care(d) about.

Skinny Love by Bon Iver

The song that reminds me of the Atonement and what it means for me. 

Fix You by Coldplay