---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: Moving On
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2013-05-05T04:57:00+00:00
url: /?p=687
blogger_blog:
  - www.igobyari.com
blogger_author:
  - Arianna Rees
blogger_permalink:
  - /2013/05/moving-on.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/3142898329549879465/posts/default/3688082346911658855
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 46
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - thoughts

---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  A confession: I can&#8217;t look at my graduate friends&#8217; Facebook pictures without getting sick with anxiety. <i>That will be me in one year. </i>I am graduating from a university in one year, and I am terrified.</p> 
  
  <p>
    Terrified because I&#8217;m not ready for that stage in life. Terrified because I don&#8217;t want to stop going to school. Terrified because many of the people I shared memories and my heart with won&#8217;t be there next year. I may never see them again.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    And soon, I&#8217;ll be that person, the one who moves on. I hate that idea so much that it makes me physically ill to think about it.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    When I was a kid, I didn&#8217;t dream past college. I imagined what elementary school would be like, then middle school, then high school. I imagined what the first years of college would be like, and then I just stopped. I don&#8217;t know why. I just stopped thinking about what happens next. I don&#8217;t know if I thought that college would just go on forever or if I thought that I would get married &#8212; truth be told, I never thought I&#8217;d get through college before getting married, however laughable that may seem now &#8212; but I just stopped imagining.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    And now it&#8217;s real and now I don&#8217;t know what I&#8217;m doing and now I feel like one of Heavenly Father&#8217;s weakest children because I&#8217;m struggling to have the faith to move on.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    I hate leaving. Detaching. If you knew my history, you&#8217;d realize that a good 60% of the music I listen to comes from people who left. And because I don&#8217;t want to leave them entirely behind, I listen to the songs that made them who they are. I lose myself to chase after shadows.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    How can you face the future when all of the faces of the people you&#8217;ll leave are right in front of you? How can you grow up when you feel so like a child?
  </p>
  
  <p>
    I don&#8217;t know what I&#8217;m supposed to do or what I&#8217;m supposed to become. All I know is that this is real life and no matter how much I thought I was prepared for it, I never was nor could be.
  </p>
</div>