---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: Big Fear
description: ''
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2014-03-03T00:55:00+00:00
url: /?p=432
blogger_blog:
  - www.igobyari.com
blogger_author:
  - Arianna Rees
blogger_permalink:
  - /2014/03/big-fear.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/3142898329549879465/posts/default/2314166304677335459
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 106
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - beliefs
  - life
  - Mormon
  - thoughts
  - trials

---
_What are you afraid of?_ 

My answer to this question has evolved several times throughout my life. In elementary school, I would have said getting called on in class. In high school, I would have said leaving all of my friends behind. As a freshman in college, my answer was the future. And as I’ve gone to school and grown into a woman, that answer has been sort of elusive, found in quite a few things. 

_Being on the KissCam. _

_Heartbreak._

_Graduation.  _

_Vulnerability._

_Singing karaoke.  _

_Pain. _

_Being alone. _

_Failure. _

With a little more clarity now, I think the thing I fear the most is that I am not and will never be enough. I worry that I’ll never be enough for a future employer, that I’ll never be enough as a student; I worry that I’ll never be enough in the callings I’ve been given, and that I’ll never be enough to the men I date.  

I am a perfectionist living inside of a body and a heart and a mind that are far from perfect. And I am so cruel sometimes. 

_You didn’t get the job because you’re not good enough of a speaker, Ari._

_You didn’t get the grade because you didn’t do enough work. _

_You’re not magnifying your calling like you should be; you’re not doing enough. _

_He stopped dating you because you weren’t smart, beautiful, fun, or good enough. _

Everyone falls short at some point, but for me, falling short is incredibly and personally painful. I don’t know how to compensate for shortcomings like I should, and a lot of times, I feel like I’m to blame for them.  

How does a person become “enough”? How can you apply the Atonement in a way that gives you no doubt that, yes, you are enough? 

I think I know, but when I have to ask myself the same questions, I wonder.