---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: MAYBE
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2014-03-22T16:39:00+00:00
url: /?p=409
blogger_blog:
  - www.igobyari.com
blogger_author:
  - Arianna Rees
blogger_permalink:
  - /2014/03/maybe_22.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/3142898329549879465/posts/default/3590104832850714574
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 60
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - life
  - thoughts
  - trials

---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  Maybe I ate close to ten Gogurts last night at the Institute Tournament Night (ssh, don&#8217;t tell).</p> 
  
  <p>
    Maybe I actually kind of like volleyball, or, at least, playing it with good, good friends.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe the most painful thing about my life is that I&#8217;ve had to leave or be left behind by so many amazing people.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe I&#8217;m an entirely different person than I was a year ago.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe I wish it was socially acceptable to walk barefoot all the time everywhere.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe I want to travel across the world and write about it instead of writing in an office building.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe I&#8217;m the most inconsistent person in the world when it comes to caring for others because I get shy at random moments.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe dating and interest or the lack thereof is confusing and hard and painful, and I don&#8217;t know that I&#8217;ll ever get the hang of it.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe I&#8217;m better at reassuring others than I am at reassuring myself, and the things that scare me the most are the things I seem to have the most handle over.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe I&#8217;m the most awkward person you know.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe I want to buy <i>Twilight </i>again just to compare and contrast the evolution of the vampire in that and <i>Dracula </i>for fun. Because I&#8217;m a nerd.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Maybe the world is really big, and life is really comfortable right now, and it&#8217;s going to change, and the fact that I can&#8217;t stop that makes me feel a bit heartbroken.&nbsp;
  </p>
</div>