---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: Merciful
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2014-02-10T20:37:00+00:00
url: /?p=448
blogger_blog:
  - www.igobyari.com
blogger_author:
  - Arianna Rees
blogger_permalink:
  - /2014/02/merciful.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/3142898329549879465/posts/default/5938891621814679103
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 56
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - beliefs
  - life
  - Mormon
  - trials

---
<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;">
  Hi, you.</p> 
  
  <p>
    It&#8217;s been awhile.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    A lot&#8217;s been happening in my life. A lot of good things, a lot of bad things, and all happening at precisely the same time. The Lord is really testing my patience, asking me to wait upon him in regards to things that I desire and things that I struggle with. I&#8217;ve been in over my head more than once. I&#8217;ve revisited memories that are extremely painful for me to think about. Over and over again, I&#8217;ve been distracted.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Life is delicate and beautiful, but sometimes life is cruel. Sometimes life happens all at once when you&#8217;re too vulnerable and too unprepared and too confused to manage it.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Right now, life is challenging. Right now, life is disheartening. But that&#8217;s only right now. It&#8217;s embarrassing to think of how many times I have to be reminded that the right now is momentary. But it is. Fleeting and momentary.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Thank goodness for the Savior. Thank goodness for a plan that was thoughtful enough to not only cover our sins and transgressions, but our discouragements and our heartbreaks. How merciful! It isn&#8217;t just that Jesus Christ suffered for our mistakes &#8212; he suffered for those moments when we can&#8217;t sleep at night because we&#8217;re so worried about the future. He suffered for those seconds when our hearts are wounded, when we are achingly lonely, with or without justification, when we feel like we aren&#8217;t enough for the Lord, for our friends, or for the people who are the most important to us. He suffers for &#8220;the right now,&#8221; and that, to me, though incomprehensible, is ennobling. I am refined because he knows the me of today, not just the me of yesterday or the me of tomorrow.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    I am small and weak and often discouraged, and he, knowing that, loves me anyway, not as a young plant or a pet or an object, but as a daughter, a sister, a child. I belong to the Lord, and because he suffered for me, I belong to the Savior.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Today may be challenging, but I have an advocate who knows that and gives me peace, even as I write this now.
  </p>
  
  <p>
    Know that he loves you, too.
  </p>
</div>