---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: New Fears
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2016-05-13T05:37:55+00:00
url: /?p=2433
layout:
  - sidebar
gallery_layout:
  - tiled
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 80
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
Today I ticked another box on the long list of things that humans can be afraid of.

&#8216;Great white sharks&#8217; was checked when I was eight and watched _Jaws_ for the first time at my aunt&#8217;s house, &#8216;my body&#8217; was checked when I tried on prom dresses in high school and realized how awkwardly they fit over pudge, and &#8216;love&#8217; was checked and unchecked and checked again when I slipped headlong into another something punctuated with far too many plans and far too many careless goodbyes.

Today, I ticked off a box I didn&#8217;t even know was one.

It happened with a phone call, just a simple call from a man in New York City who had received the wrong shipment. Sirens echoed behind him, and in an instant, I stopped hearing his voice, stopped noticing if he even had the accent. Through that palm-shaped receiver I saw streets and cities, the busy rushing of career men and women down the sidewalks, the honks of taxis and the clicking pawls of bicycles lit up beneath Times Square. For a moment, I wanted to be him, that man in some business tucked in some New York nook, attempting to live in a city that knows how to do little else but live and die loudly. I wanted to pick up his newspapers, say hello to his neighbors, and get caught up in the lights that he somehow managed to sleep through at night. I wanted to live his mundane, which seemed far more exciting than my own.

It hit me all at once how afraid I am of living a small life, of waking up every day to a routine I&#8217;m ashamed of, of one day looking back and seeing how much potential I let atrophy, how many places I left untouched, not because I had no options, but because I did nothing.

Today I ticked off another box: &#8216;not doing everything I&#8217;ve dreamed of doing.&#8217;

That scares me more than I care to say.