---
templateKey: blog-post
title: 'Unemployment, My Old Friend'
date: 2018-09-20T23:20:18.000Z
featuredimage: /img/eutah-mizushima-2tlasvhqil0-unsplash.jpg
---
Today was my last day at a company I&#8217;ve worked at for 3 1/2 years. It doesn&#8217;t sound like a lot &#8212; when compared to the 25 years my dad&#8217;s put into his job, 3 1/2 is the blink of an eye &#8212; but giving this job up comes with the weight of sacrifice.

Over curry tacos and a spread of cookies, my coworkers asked where I&#8217;m off to, what big plans were next for me. &#8220;Salt Lake City,&#8221; I said, as if the name itself could muster the illusion of big plans, a commute by train every morning, a stop at a coffee shop where I&#8217;d strictly order hot chocolate like the Mormon I am, then rush off to my nine to five in my kitten heels and matted lip, pitching some hot scoop to a brooding senior editor who&#8217;d promote me at year&#8217;s end for being &#8220;a rising star&#8221; in the world of journalism or publishing.

&#8220;Salt Lake City,&#8221; I said. _I don&#8217;t know, _I meant.

<!--more-->

I&#8217;d been a college grad for a year when I got this job. I&#8217;d stumbled into a relationship I had no business being in, given up a dream internship that would have projected me into the world of publishing, spent several weeks in a tormented, fetal curl on my parents&#8217; couch, wishing to end it all because my anxiety was so bad. I&#8217;d attempted tutoring and my anxiety hated it. I&#8217;d spent a week crunching numbers to train for a position as a billing manager, which I realized, by week&#8217;s end, would shove me deeper into the rabbit hole of self-loathing and depression. I broke up with my boyfriend (or rather, he broke up with me), I spent a winter in the mountains healing, then come spring, I was weeding and fertilizing the garden of a cold and wealthy homeowner for $12 an hour. I wrote my best stuff then, being somewhere in-between employed and unemployed.

Then I decided I needed income, applied to be a cashier at a local sporting goods store, and ended up counting coins for a month until I was promoted to online customer service manager/blog writer. Three and a half years later, I walk away from the position of events coordinator and social media manager. If you&#8217;re asking how that happened, the answer has to be initiative and tenacity, because I have no idea. [My English degree, she thinks snidely to spite the critics.]

Over the past three years, I&#8217;ve learned how to tell people &#8216;no&#8217; and when to tell people &#8216;yes&#8217;. I&#8217;ve picked up several hobbies I can&#8217;t afford (thank you, employee discount). I&#8217;ve been in many rants about sexism and politics with coworkers who I now know mostly did it to egg me on. They sat through a complete snot and tears meltdown the day after Election Day, to their credit. Someone told me &#8220;f&#8212; yourself&#8221; over the phone. Many someones told me I&#8217;d ruined their Christmas. I hosted a grand opening event for a second store two hours away that just about killed me. Pro skier Tom Wallisch will never speak to me again after I made him wait an hour in the freezing night air to premiere his new movie. I spoke to Donovan Mitchell once &#8212; through Instagram messages, which some would say doesn&#8217;t count, but let me feel validated by this ONE thing, okay? I walked up and down many flights of stairs, printed and cut thousands of signs, cried in the bathroom more than once and in front of my boss at least twice. I developed a strong loathing of Black Friday and an equally passionate disdain for Cyber Monday. I had a crush on a climber with a man bun who worked in the camping department, which was very on brand for me. I started and ended the best and hardest relationship I&#8217;ve ever had off the clock, the anxiety about which left me hurting quietly on the clock. I bought my first and then second pair of Nike shoes and my first set of skis, which I hope to use for the first time this year. I became louder, more assertive. And I met one of the greatest casts of coworkers I&#8217;ve ever had. I&#8217;ll miss them, miss their customer drama, their podcast recommendations, even their semi-annual blowups.

Why did I quit? Hunger for change. The deluded assumption that a really fun job I&#8217;d applied for in Salt Lake City was going to work out &#8212; it didn&#8217;t. &#8220;I&#8217;ll tentatively quit at the end of the month,&#8221; I told my bosses. _She&#8217;s__ going to quit at the end of the month_, they heard, giving away my desk, assigning me an end date. It feels premature, but I can&#8217;t change it.

So here I am, flying by the seat of my pants, slipping back into the unemployment club. I don&#8217;t know if Salt Lake City&#8217;s where I need to go. I don&#8217;t know many things right now. What I do know is that unemployment is when I have the best writing of my life, so buckle up, kids. Ari is back.

PS: if you hear of any job openings anywhere, I&#8217;m your girl.
