---
templateKey: 'blog-post'
title: On My Mind
author: ariwrees
type: post
date: 2013-03-19T03:54:00+00:00
url: /?p=729
blogger_blog:
  - www.igobyari.com
blogger_author:
  - Arianna Rees
blogger_permalink:
  - /2013/03/on-my-mind.html
blogger_internal:
  - /feeds/3142898329549879465/posts/default/8813088098069397332
wpmm_postgrid_views:
  - 58
categories:
  - Uncategorized
tags:
  - thoughts

---
_Climate change homework._ I haven’t done it yet. Typical.

_New job at Lee’s MarketPlace._ I start Thursday in the bakery, and I’m so grateful and so excited. ITZA BAKERY, GUYZ.

_Housing for next year._ I’m planning on living near campus next year. I don’t know where and I don’t know how to find what’s best, but I’m determined.

_Bleak House._ It’s so great. Novels like this make me understand why I love writing so much.

_General Conference._ Wondering what will be said, how it will impact me, how it will answer all of the questions I have.

_Life._ I try to be optimistic, but I worry a lot about a lot of different things.

_Dating._ One of the things I worry about, as it isn’t going real well.

_Number Five._ Oh, Number Five. You’re so cool and you complicate things a little and I wish I knew what you were thinking and that we could see each other more. Because I like you immensely.

_The girl who sat by me while I got my food handlers permit._ You were kinda rude. And you answered your phone during the movie. And you shushed someone really loudly before proceeding to pop your gum and text furiously. I’m sure you’re lovely, but I kinda wanted to smack you.

_My Little Pony_. Seriously. Why does it take so freaking long for the next season to start?

_Netflix._ We just got it. I’m doomed.

_Climbing._ The canyon snow is melting and I’m so excited to start climbing outdoors again.

_Imagine Dragons._ Did I mention that I’m going to their concert? STOKED.

_Marriage._ Is it cliche’ to say that everybody is getting engaged?

_Patience, young Padawan._ Boy, do I need it.